# String Upload Test

## Results
A test string was succesfully uploaded with the Rockblock+ with the OPEnS printed feather wing board. Strings uploaded are automatically sent to a pushingbox scenario and sent to a Google sheet which can be accessed [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Laa9uiGudBIt20_-pP0hakaxJziztCw4hWVcvK4OTTo/edit?usp=sharing). The Strings uploaded have a maximum size limit of 340 characters (bytes), this is contrary to some of the documentation for the IridiumSBD library which says that the checksum and header are included in the byte limit along with the string. The same can be assumed for received messages with a limit of 270 characters. Credits are consumed for every 50 bytes send, this includes the truncated 40 byte chunk towards the string limit. 

Strings uploaded directly from Rock7 servers to google sheets only partially works. Rock7 servers require the automatted POST request to get 200 HTTP response code only indicating a succesfull upload. When data is uploaded to a google sheet, the link used actually redirect to a one-time use CDN link for privacy and security reasons. This redirect responds with a 302 HTTP response code. Although the redirected link does respond with a 200 code, Rock7 servers only pick up the 302 redirect code and assume the data was not sent correctly and gets pushed into the retry queue until it expires. The pushed data sent through the redirect does make it to the sheet but since Rock7 assumes otherwise, it is resent multiple times until the message times out. Some intermediary is required to get these two services working correctly together. Pushingbox is currently being used for this role but since there is a 1000 a day limit and it's being depreciated in LOOM, an alternative needs to be foumd.
